Docs: update annotations docs to include typeahead support for tags (#36718)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/dashboards/annotations.md

### Query by tag

> You can create new annotation queries that fetch annotations from the native annotation store via the `-- Grafana --` data source and by setting *Filter by* to `Tags`. In Grafana v8.1+ it's possible to get typeahead support of existing tags, you should specify at least one tag.
> 
> For example create an annotation query name `outages` and specify a tag named `outage`. This query will show all annotations you create (from any dashboard or via API) that have the `outage` tag. By default, if you add multiple tags in the annotation query, Grafana will only show annotations that have all the tags you supplied. You can invert the behavior by enabling `Match any` which means that Grafana will show annotations that contains at least one of the tags you supplied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create new queries to fetch annotations from the native annotation store via the `-- Grafana --` data source by setting *Filter by* to `Tags`. 

Grafana v8.1 and later versions also support typeahead of existing tags provided you have defined at least one tag.

For example, create an annotation query name `outages` and specify a tag `outage`. This query will show all annotations (from any dashboard or via API) with the `outage` tag. If multiple tags are defined in an annotation query, then Grafana will only show annotations matching all the tags. To modify the behavior, enable `Match any`, and Grafana will show annotations that contain any one of the tags you provided.
```
